[0.26] Document `use-caapf` feature gate (#162)
rancher/turtles-product-docs: versions/v0.26/modules/en/pages/index.adoc

Rancher v2.14 ships CAPI v1.12.2 and adopts the new `v1beta2` API contract. Refer to xref:tutorials/capi-v1beta2.adoc[Upgrading to CAPI v1beta2] for more details on the changes introduced in this new API version.
====

[CAUTION]
====

> Cluster API Add-on Provider for Fleet (CAAPF) is no longer installed by default. If you have been using Fleet to deploy workloads to your downstream CAPI clusters, refer to the xref:user/caapf.adoc[CAAPF user guide] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster API Add-on Provider for Fleet (CAAPF) is deprecated as of Rancher v2.14.1 and is no longer installed by default. We encourage you to move away from CAAPF in preparation for its eventual removal (following Rancher deprecation policies). If you wish to continue using it, refer to the xref:user/caapf.adoc[CAAPF user guide] for more information.
```
_nit_: it's good that we make it clear that the add-on provider is deprecated and its use is discouraged unless strictly necessary.
